Remove card-background-color from doc and story (#5631)
microsoft/fast: packages/web-components/fast-components/src/card/README.md

# fast-card

> The `fast-card` component is a visual container and design system provider. By default `fast-card` applies `neutralFillCard` to its background that is calculated from its parent design system provider. Cards are snapshots of content that are typically used in a group to present collections of related information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fast-card` component is a visual container. By default `fast-card` applies `neutralFillLayerRecipe` to its background that is calculated from its parent's fill color. Cards are snapshots of content that are typically used in a group to present collections of related information.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks great.

Reviewer 3: I'm going to commit this and rebuild so we can get this in.
